virtual/lpr             net-print/cups
virtual/python          dev-lang/python
virtual/mta             net-mail/ssmtp
virtual/alsa            media-sound/alsa-driver    
virtual/kernel          sys-kernel/hppa-headers
virtual/linux-sources   sys-kernel/hppa-sources
virtual/glibc           sys-libs/glibc
virtual/x11             x11-base/xfree
virtual/opengl          x11-base/xfree
virtual/glu             x11-base/xfree
virtual/glut            media-libs/glut
virtual/imapUW          net-mail/uw-imap
x11-libs/xaw            x11-libs/Xaw3d
virtual/jdk             dev-java/compaq-jdk
virtual/jre             dev-java/compaq-jre
virtual/imapd           net-mail/courier-imap
sys-apps/console-tools  sys-apps/kbd
virtual/blackbox        x11-wm/blackbox
virtual/emacs           app-editors/emacs
virtual/cron            sys-apps/dcron
sys-apps/reiserfs-utils sys-fs/reiserfsprogs
virtual/sylpheed        net-mail/sylpheed
virtual/php             dev-php/mod_php
virtual/textbrowser	net-www/links
virtual/mda		net-mail/procmail
virtual/xft             x11-base/xfree
virtual/krb5		app-crypt/heimdal
virtual/motif           x11-libs/openmotif
virtual/bootloader	sys-boot/palo
virtual/editor		app-editors/nano
virtual/os-headers	sys-kernel/hppa-headers
virtual/modutils 	sys-apps/modutils
virtual/inetd		sys-apps/xinetd
virtual/antivirus		net-mail/clamav
virtual/aspell-dict           app-dicts/aspell-en
virtual/skkserv		app-i18n/skkserv
virtual/ghc		dev-lang/ghc-bin
virtual/snmp		net-analyzer/net-snmp
virtual/imap-c-client	net-libs/c-client
virtual/flim		app-emacs/flim
virtual/semi		app-emacs/semi
virtual/tetex		app-text/tetex
virtual/bittorrent	net-p2p/bittorrent
virtual/logger		app-admin/sysklogd
virtual/tftp		net-misc/tftp-hpa
virtual/gzip		app-arch/gzip
virtual/ghostscript		app-text/ghostscript
virtual/w3m			net-www/w3m
