virtual/lpr	     net-print/cups
virtual/python	  dev-lang/python
virtual/mta	     net-mail/ssmtp
virtual/kernel	  sys-kernel/linux-headers
virtual/linux-sources   sys-kernel/sparc-sources
virtual/glibc	   sys-libs/glibc
virtual/x11	     x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/opengl	  x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/glu	     x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/glut	    media-libs/glut
virtual/imapUW	  net-mail/uw-imap
x11-libs/xaw	    x11-libs/Xaw3d
virtual/jre				dev-java/blackdown-jre
virtual/jdk	     dev-java/blackdown-jdk
virtual/imapd	   net-mail/courier-imap
sys-apps/console-tools  sys-apps/kbd
virtual/blackbox	x11-wm/blackbox
virtual/emacs	   app-editors/emacs
virtual/cron	    sys-apps/dcron
sys-apps/reiserfs-utils sys-fs/reiserfsprogs
virtual/xemacs	  app-editors/xemacs
virtual/sylpheed	net-mail/sylpheed
virtual/php	     dev-php/mod_php
virtual/textbrowser		net-www/links
virtual/mda				net-mail/procmail
virtual/krb5			app-crypt/mit-krb5
virtual/bootloader		sys-boot/silo
virtual/editor			app-editors/nano
virtual/xft	     x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/os-headers		sys-kernel/linux-headers
virtual/ghc	     dev-lang/ghc-bin
virtual/modutils 		sys-apps/modutils
virtual/inetd			sys-apps/xinetd
virtual/antivirus		net-mail/clamav
virtual/aspell-dict	   app-dicts/aspell-en
virtual/skkserv		app-i18n/skkserv
virtual/snmp		net-analyzer/net-snmp
virtual/imap-c-client	net-libs/c-client
virtual/flim		app-emacs/flim
virtual/semi		app-emacs/semi
virtual/tetex		app-text/tetex
virtual/quicktime	media-libs/libquicktime
virtual/bittorrent	net-p2p/bittorrent
virtual/logger		app-admin/sysklogd

virtual/ssh				net-misc/openssh
virtual/commonlisp		dev-lisp/cmucl
virtual/tftp			net-misc/tftp-hpa
virtual/gzip		app-arch/gzip
virtual/ghostscript	app-text/ghostscript

virtual/w3m			net-www/w3m
virtual/mpg123		media-sound/mpg123
virtual/dhcpc		net-misc/dhcpcd
virtual/ruby		dev-lang/ruby
virtual/dev-manager	sys-fs/devfsd
virtual/blas		app-sci/blas-atlas
