virtual/lpr	      net-print/cups
virtual/python	   dev-lang/python
virtual/mta	      mail-mta/ssmtp
virtual/alsa	     media-sound/alsa-driver    
virtual/kernel	   sys-kernel/linux-headers
virtual/glibc	    sys-libs/glibc
virtual/libc	    sys-libs/glibc
virtual/x11	      x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/opengl	   x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/glu	      x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/glut	     media-libs/glut
virtual/imapUW	   net-mail/uw-imap
virtual/jdk	      dev-java/ibm-jdk-bin
virtual/jre	      dev-java/ibm-jre-bin
virtual/imapd	    net-mail/courier-imap
virtual/x11-web-browser  net-www/mozilla
virtual/blackbox	 x11-wm/blackbox
virtual/emacs	    app-editors/emacs
virtual/sylpheed	 mail-client/sylpheed
virtual/php	      dev-php/mod_php
virtual/httpd-php				dev-php/mod_php
virtual/textbrowser		 net-www/links
virtual/mda			 mail-filter/procmail
virtual/krb5			 app-crypt/mit-krb5
virtual/bootloader		 sys-boot/yaboot
virtual/editor			 app-editors/nano
virtual/os-headers	     sys-kernel/linux-headers
virtual/modutils	 sys-apps/modutils
virtual/inetd	    sys-apps/xinetd
virtual/aspell-dict	   app-dicts/aspell-en
virtual/skkserv		app-i18n/skkserv
virtual/ghc		dev-lang/ghc-bin
virtual/imap-c-client	net-libs/c-client
virtual/flim		app-emacs/flim
virtual/semi		app-emacs/semi
virtual/tetex		app-text/tetex
virtual/quicktime	media-libs/libquicktime
virtual/bittorrent	net-p2p/bittorrent
virtual/logger		app-admin/sysklogd
virtual/ssh			    net-misc/openssh
virtual/gzip		app-arch/gzip
virtual/ghostscript		app-text/ghostscript
virtual/mpg123		media-sound/mpg123
virtual/dhcpc		net-misc/dhcpcd
virtual/ruby		dev-lang/ruby
virtual/dev-manager	sys-fs/devfsd
virtual/blas		sci-libs/blas-atlas
virtual/lapack		sci-libs/lapack-atlas
virtual/gsasl		net-libs/libgsasl
virtual/m3			dev-lang/cm3
virtual/motif          x11-libs/openmotif
