Compaq C Beta 6.5 for Linux Alpha
License Terms

IMPORTANT - Carefully read the Field Test License Terms before proceeding. You
may use the scroll bar to read all of the License Terms.

If you agree to the terms, you may continue to download and install the
software.

If you do not agree to the terms, do not download or install this Beta
software. You may instead download and install V6.4, subject to its license
terms.


                          COMPAQ COMPUTER CORPORATION                          
                           FIELD TEST LICENSE TERMS                            

1. PRELIMINARY CODE:

The Software Program (the "Software") provided under these license terms may
include beta code not at the level of functionality, performance or capability
of any final, generally available product offering. The Software may be
substantially modified prior to first commercial shipment.

2. GRANT:

Compaq Computer Corporation ("COMPAQ") grants you the right to use the Software
solely for testing and evaluation. The Software shall not be used for any other
purpose and you agree to destroy or erase all copies of the Software upon
COMPAQ's release of the code in final form.

You may copy the Software into the local memory or storage device of a single
computer. You may make archival or back-up copies of the Software.

3. COPYRIGHT

The Software is protected by copyright laws and international treaties. Your
use of the Software and associated documentation is subject to the applicable
copyright laws and the express rights and restrictions of this License
Agreement.

4. RESTRICTIONS

You may not disclose any information regarding the Software, including
benchmark or performance testing results, to any third party without the
specific permission of COMPAQ.

You may not rent, lease, or otherwise transfer the Software. You may not make
the Software available over the internet or similar networking technology. You
may not remove any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices from the
Software or the media. You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble
the Software, except to the extent COMPAQ cannot prohibit such acts by law.

5. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY AND LIABILITY

COMPAQ DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT IN ANY WAY THAT IT WILL ANNOUNCE THE
SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION AS A PRODUCT(S) OR THAT THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION
WILL OTHERWISE BE MADE COMMERCIALLY AVAILABLE.

THE SOFTWARE AND ANY DOCUMENTATION PROVIDED HERE IS PRELIMINARY AND NOT
THOROUGHLY TESTED CODE AND IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE OR AGAINST
INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT WILL COMPAQ BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE OR PROFIT,
OR FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED
AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, WITH RESPECT TO ANY SOFTWARE OR
DOCUMENTATION MADE AVAILABLE HERE OR THE USE OF SUCH SOFTWARE.

6.INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless COMPAQ and its licensors from
any suit, demand, cause of action or other claim of whatever nature arising out
of the breach of any term of these License Terms by you, your agents or your
employees that arise or result from the use of the Software.

U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS

Consistent with FAR 12.211 and 12.212, Commercial Computer Software, Computer
Software Documentation, and Technical Data for Commercial Items are licensed to
the U.S. Government under vendor's standard commercial license.

                                    GENERAL                                    

You are responsible for compliance with all applicable export or re-export
control laws and regulations if you export the Software. These License Terms
are governed by and are to be construed under the laws of the State of Texas.

If you have any questions concerning this Agreement, please contact your local
COMPAQ sales office or write to: Compaq Computer Corporation, Software Business
Practices, ZKO1-2/D22, 110 Spit Brook Road, Nashua, NH. 03062-2698.

             All trademarks are the sole property of their owners.             

          Copyright 2002 Compaq Information Technologies Group, L.P.           


If you do not accept these license terms, do not download or use this Beta
software. You may instead prefer to use V6.4, under its license terms.

