
ATTENTION: In order for Compaq to protect its intellectual property and
other legal rights in its software and those of its suppliers it is
necessary to obtain its customers' agreement to its standard licensing
terms in connection with any download. If you access this software you
are manifesting your legal agreement to the terms of the Compaq Software
License Agreement and the additional terms set forth below.


COMPAQ COMPUTER CORPORATION
SOFTWARE DOWNLOAD LICENSE AGREEMENT

Java(TM) 2 SDK, Standard Edition, v 1.3.1

Binary Code License

This License Agreement applies to all software made available for
downloading through this Compaq World Wide Web site. Compaq Computer
Corporation ("Compaq") is willing to license the Java(TM) 2 SDK,
Standard Edition for Alpha Systems running Linux(R) software
(hereinafter "Software") only upon your agreeing to the terms of this
License Agreement and your manifesting that agreement by downloading
aforesaid Software.

1. REPRESENTATION OF AUTHORIZED STATUS

By manifesting your assent to this License Agreement, you represent to
Compaq that you (or the organization on behalf of which you are
downloading the Software) agree that you will use the Software only in
accordance with the terms of this License Agreement. If you are acting
on behalf of an organization, you represent to Compaq that you are
authorized to act on behalf of such organization and that your agreement
to the terms of this Agreement creates a legally enforceable obligation
of the organization. (As used in this License Agreement, "you" and
"your" refers to both you and any organization on behalf of which you
are acting.)

2. LICENSE GRANT

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this License, Compaq
grants you a royalty-free, non-exclusive and non-transferable license to
use the Software made available for downloading here, for use in: (i)
evaluation of the Software; and, (ii) for development of Java(tm)
compatible applets and applications (herein after "Products").

Except for the foregoing, Licensee may not re-distribute the Software in
whole or in part, either separately or included with a product. Refer to
the Java 2 Runtime Environment, Standard Edition, v 1.3.1 binary code
license for the availability of runtime code which may be distributed
with Java compatible applets and applications. 

3. JAVA PLATFORM INTERFACE

Licensee may not modify the Java Platform Interface ("JPI", identified
as classes contained within the "java" package or any subpackages of the
"java" package), by creating additional classes within the JPI or
otherwise causing the addition to or modification of the classes in the
JPI.

4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

The Software made available for downloading here is the property of
Compaq (or its suppliers). The Software and all accompanying
documentation are copyrighted. You shall not modify, decompile,
disassemble, extract, or otherwise reverse engineer any Software covered
by this License Agreement. You shall not make any copy of the Software
or its accompanying documentation, except for copying incident to the
ordinary and intended use of the Software and except for the making of a
single archival copy. The Software made available here constitute the
proprietary information of Compaq (or its suppliers). You agree to take
reasonable steps to prevent the disclosure, unauthorized use or
unauthorized distribution of the Software subject to this License.

5. EXPORT REGULATIONS

The Software, including any technical data contained therein, may be
subject to U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export
Administration Regulations of the U.S. Department of Commerce, or any
successor regulations thereto, and may be subject to export or import
laws and regulations of other countries. If you export, re-export, or
import the Software you agree that you are responsible for complying
with all such export or import requirements and obtaining licenses where
necessary.

You agree that you are not prohibited by the U.S. or other government
export control regulations from receiving this software or technical
data.

6. U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS

The Software is provided with "RESTRICTED RIGHTS". Use, duplication, or
disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions as set
forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of DFARS 252.227-7013, or FAR
52.227-19, or in FAR 52.227-14 Alt. III, as applicable.
Contractor/manufacturer is Compaq Computer Corporation.

7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HERE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND. ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED TO THE
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. IN NO EVENT WILL COMPAQ BE LIABLE
FOR ANY LOST REVENUE OR PROFIT, OR FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THE
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WITH RESPECT TO ANY SOFTWARE MADE AVAILABLE HERE OR
TO THE USE OF SUCH SOFTWARE.

COMPAQ MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, THAT
THE CODE, AND DOCUMENTATION OR ANY INFORMATION RELATING THERETO OR
CONTAINED THEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY PATENT, COPYRIGHT, TRADE
SECRETS, OR TRADEMARK OF ANY THIRD PERSON OR PARTY.

8. INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Compaq and its
licensors from any suit, demand, cause of action or other claim of
whatever nature arising out of the breach of any term of this License
Agreement by you, your agents or your employees that arise or result
from the use or distribution of the Program.

9. GENERAL

This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and applied in accordance
with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. This License
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
concerning the Software downloaded through this site and supersedes any
prior understandings, agreements or commitments, oral or written,
concerning them.

Compaq Products are manufactured for standard commercial uses and are
not intended to be sold or licensed for use in critical safety systems
or nuclear facilities.

10. TERMINATION AND SOFTWARE RETENTION

Compaq may terminate any license granted hereunder if Licensee breaches
any license term. Upon termination, Licensee will destroy all copies of
the Software.

11. SURVIVAL

Upon termination of this License the provisions of Sections 8, 9 and 10
shall survive such termination.


Copyright 2001 Compaq Computer Corporation

Java and all Java-based marks are trademarks or registered trademarks of
Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.

Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds.

