Before downloading the software and documents provided on this Web page
(Software and Document), you have read, understood and agreed to the
following:

1.The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSARG) has
the sole discretion to amend or vary the terms under this Terms of Use from
time to time.

2.By using the Software and Document, you irrevocably agree that the HKSARG
may from time to time vary this Terms of Use and you also irrevocably agree
to be bound by the most updated version of the Terms of Use.

3.You have the sole responsibility of obtaining the most updated version of
the Terms of Use which is available in the "Digital 21" Web site
(http://www.info.gov.hk/digital21/eng/hkscs/terms/terms_linux.html).

4.By accepting this Terms of Use, HKSARG shall grant you a non-exclusive
licence for your use only of the Software and Document. 

5.Except as specifically authorised in Clause 15, you are not allowed to
make copies of the Software and Document and distribute the Software and
Document.

6.The Software and Document are copyrighted.  Title to the Software and
Document and all associated intellectual property rights are retained by the
HKSARG.

7.You understand and agree that use of the Software and Document are at your
sole risk, that any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained in
relation to the Software and Document is at your discretion and risk and
that you will be solely responsible for any damage caused to your computer
system or loss of data or any other loss that results from the download and
use of the Software and Document in any manner whatsoever.

8.In relation to the Software and Document, HKSARG hereby disclaims all
warranties and conditions, including all implied warranties and conditions
of merchantibility, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. 

9.HKSARG will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or
consequential damages of any kind resulting from the use of or the inability
to use the Software and Document even if HKSARG has been advised of the
possibility of such damages.

10.You agree not to sue HKSARG and agree to indemnify, defend and hold
harmless HKSARG, its officers and employees from any and all third party
claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to,
legal fees) arising from your use of the Software and Document, your
violation of the Terms of Use or infringement of any intellectual property
or other right of any person or entity.

11.The Terms of Use will be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of Hong Kong.

12.Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Use will be effective only if
in writing and signed by HKSARG or its representative.

13.If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision
or portion of the Terms of Use to be unenforceable, the remainder of the
Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.

14.The Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces all prior
or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding
such subject matter.

15.In addition to the licence granted in Clause 4, HKSARG hereby grants you
a non-exclusive limited licence to reproduce and distribute the Software and
Document with the following conditions:

(i)     not for financial gain unless it is incidental;
(ii)    reproduction and distribution of the Software and Document in
complete and unmodified form; and
(iii)   when you distribute the Software and Document, you agree to attach
the Terms of Use and a statement that the latest version of the Terms of Use
is available from the "Digital 21" Web site
(http://www.info.gov.hk/digital21/eng/hkscs/terms/terms_linux.html).
