SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT


HP SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS
________________________________________________________

The following License Terms govern your use of the
accompanying Software unless you have a separate signed
agreement with HP.

License Grant.
HP grants you a license to Use one copy of the Software.
"Use" means storing, loading, installing, executing or
displaying the Software.  You may not modify the
Software or disable any licensing or control features of
the Software.  If the Software is licensed for
"concurrent use", you may not allow more than the
maximum number of authorized users to Use the Software
concurrently.

Ownership.
The Software is owned and copyrighted by HP or its third
party suppliers.  Your license confers no title to, or
ownership in, the Software and is not a sale of any
rights in the Software.  HP's third party suppliers may
protect their rights in the event of any violation of
these License Terms.

Copies and Adaptations.
You may only make copies or adaptations of the Software
for archival purposes or when copying or adaptation is
an essential step in the authorized Use of the Software.
You must reproduce all copyright notices in the original
Software on all copies or adaptations.  You may not copy
the Software onto any public network.

No Disassembly or Decryption.
You may not disassemble or decompile the Software unless
HP's prior written consent is obtained.  In some
jurisdictions, HP's consent may not be required for
limited disassembly or decompilation.  Upon request, you
will provide HP with reasonably detailed information
regarding any disassembly or decompilation.  You may not
decrypt the Software unless decryption is a necessary
part of the operation of the Software.

Transfer.
Your license will automatically terminate upon any
transfer of the Software.  Upon transfer, you must
deliver the Software, including any copies and related
documentation, to the transferee.  The transferee must
accept these License Terms as a condition to the
transfer.

Termination.
HP may terminate your license upon notice for failure to
comply with any of these License Terms.  Upon
termination, you must immediately destroy the Software,
together with all copies, adaptations and merged
portions in any form.

Export Requirements.
You may not export or re-export the Software or any copy
or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or
regulations.

U.S. Government Restricted Rights.
The Software and any accompanying documentation have
been developed entirely at private expense.  They are
delivered and licensed as "commercial computer software"
as defined in DFARS 252.227-7013 (Oct 1988), DFARS
252.211-7015 (May 1991) or DFARS 252.227-7014 (Jun
1995), as a "commercial item" as defined in FAR
2.101(a), or as "Restricted computer software" as
defined in FAR 52.227-19 (Jun 1987)(or any equivalent
agency regulation or contract clause), whichever is
applicable.  You have only those rights provided for
such Software and any accompanying documentation by the
applicable FAR or DFARS clause or the HP standard
software agreement for the product involved.


ATTENTION ANY PARTY INSTALLING THIS SOFTWARE FOR USE BY
PARTIES OTHER THAN THEMSELVES (e.g.  VAR's, RESELLERS,
SYSTEM INTEGRATORS, etc.):

ANY PERSON TO WHOM THIS SOFTWARE IS TRANSFERRED SHOULD
BE AWARE THAT USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO ANY HP
SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS DISTRIBUTED WITH THE SOFTWARE.
USE OF THE SOFTWARE INDICATES ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS.
IF THE USER DOES NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS, THE SOFTWARE
SHOULD BE RETURNED.
