DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

Your use of this site or any related materials, distributed here or 
elsewhere, is expressly conditioned on your acceptance of this Disclaimer 
And Limitation Of Liability (hereafter referred to as "Disclaimer").  If 
you do not agree with any part of this Disclaimer, you must not use this 
site and any related materials.

The right to modify this Disclaimer is here and now reserved and may take 
place at any time.  Continued use of this site or any related materials, 
distributed here or elsewhere, will constitute your acceptance of any 
revisions to this Disclaimer.  IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO CHECK THIS PAGE 
REGULARLY for updates to this Disclaimer:
http://igurublog.wordpress.com/library/disclaimer/

IgnorantGuru's Blog and all related materials, distributed here or 
elsewhere, are provided solely FOR COMMUNICATION (discussion) AND 
ENTERTAINMENT (computer hobbyist) PURPOSES ONLY, and do not represent or 
contain expert knowledge or advice.  USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.  This blog 
discusses EXPERIMENTAL COMPUTER HOBBYIST INFORMATION WHICH MAY NOT BE 
SUITABLE FOR YOUR PURPOSES OR MAY NOT BE COMPATIBLE WITH YOUR OTHER 
SOFTWARE OR PROGRAMMING.  YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR EVALUATING THE 
SUITABILITY AND COMPATIBILITY FOR YOUR PURPOSES of any communication, 
software, software code excerpts, advice, and any other information on this 
site, distributed here or elsewhere, whether it is placed here or elsewhere 
by the site maintainer, others, or found in reader comments, and you accept 
sole responsibility for all consequences of applying said information or 
using said software or software code excerpts (see the LIMITATION OF 
LIABILITY AND HOLD HARMLESS AGREEMENT section below).

The reader comment facilities on this blog are provided for uncensored 
COMMUNICATION PURPOSES ONLY.  In discussing controversial topics, this blog 
seeks to provide readers with the facility to share their genuine, 
uncensored views which may not be welcomed on all forums or by all 
readers.  Comments are not monitored, evaluated, or edited by this site's 
maintainer.  Commenters are solely responsible for the content of their 
comments, and readers are solely responsible for evaluating the suitability 
for any purpose of any communication, software, software code excerpts, and 
any other information contained in reader comments or elsewhere.  Due to 
the uncensored nature of comments, SOME COMMENTS MAY CONTAIN PROFANITY OR 
OTHER COMMUNICATION OFFENSIVE TO YOU.  By using this site or any related 
materials, distributed here or in linked sites elsewhere, you agree that 
your sole remedy to comments or other content you find objectionable or 
incorrect is to discontinue use of this site and all related materials.  
Any use of this site or related materials, distributed here or elsewhere, 
acknowledges your understanding and acceptance of the terms of this 
Disclaimer and revisions to this Disclaimer as may be made from time to 
time.  It is your responsibility to check this page regularly for updates 
to this Disclaimer.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND HOLD HARMLESS AGREEMENT

While this site's maintainers endeavour to keep discussions and other 
content up to date and valuable, we make no representations or warranties 
of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, 
reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the 
information, communications, products, services, or related graphics 
contained on the website, or distributed elsewhere, for any purpose. Any 
reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly AT YOUR OWN 
RISK.

All information, communications, software, products, and services (hereafter 
referred to as "Content") on this site or distributed elsewhere are 
PROVIDED AS-IS with NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND NO REPRESENTATIONS about 
the suitability, reliability, compatibility, availability, timeliness, and 
accuracy of the Content provided for any purpose. All warranties and 
conditions with regard to this Content, including all implied warranties 
and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title 
and non-infringement are disclaimed.  In no event shall this software 
author or site maintainer be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, 
incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever 
including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, 
arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of this 
Content, or failure to provide services, or otherwise arising out of the 
use of this Content, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict 
liability or otherwise, even if the author or site maintainer has been 
advised of the possibility of damages.  The user further agrees to hold the 
site maintainer, copyright owner or those affiliated with either harmless 
and to indemnify any or all of them for any costs, including but not 
limited to legal defense costs and expenses, that may arise directly or 
indirectly from your use of these materials.

