Sun Java(TM) System Message Queue 3.5 SP2, Platform Edition
Sun Java System Message Queue 3.5 SP2, Enterprise Edition
for Evaluation Only

IMPORTANT - PLEASE READ.  THE LICENSES BELOW GOVERN YOUR USE
OF THE SUN JAVA SYSTEM MESSAGE QUEUE, PLATFORM EDITION AND
SUN JAVA SYSTEM MESSAGE QUEUE, ENTERPRISE EDITION FOR
EVALUATION ONLY.

THIRD PARTY CODE.  ADDITIONAL COPYRIGHT NOTICES AND LICENSE
TERMS APPLICABLE TO PORTIONS OF THE SOFTWARE ARE SET FORTH
IN THE THIRDPARTYLICENSEREADME FILE.  IN ADDITION TO ANY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY OPENSOURCE/FREEWARE
LICENSE IDENTIFIED IN THE THIRDPARTYLICENSEREADME FILE, THE
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
PROVISIONS IN PARAGRAPHS 6 AND 7 OF THE BINARY CODE LICENSE
AGREEMENTS BELOW SHALL APPLY TO ALL SOFTWARE IN THIS
DISTRIBUTION.

IF YOU SELECT TO USE THE SUN JAVA SYSTEM MESSAGE QUEUE,
PLATFORM EDITION (ALONG WITH ALL ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE AND
DOCUMENTATION, THE "MESSAGE QUEUE PE"), YOUR LICENSE TO THE
MESSAGE QUEUE PE IS SET FORTH ENTIRELY IN SECTION B.  IF YOU
SELECT TO USE THE SUN JAVA SYSTEM MESSAGE QUEUE, ENTERPRISE
EDITION (ALONG WITH ALL ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE AND
DOCUMENTATION, THE "MESSAGE QUEUE EE EVALUATION"), YOUR
LICENSE TO THE MESSAGE QUEUE EE EVALUATION IS SET FORTH
ENTIRELY IN SECTION A.  The two licenses set forth in
Sections A and B are separate and distinct legal agreements.

READ THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT IN THE SECTION APPLICABLE TO
YOU (THE "APPLICABLE AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY BEFORE OPENING
THE SOFTWARE MEDIA PACKAGE.  BY OPENING THE SOFTWARE MEDIA
PACKAGE, YOU AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS OF THE APPLICABLE
AGREEMENT.  IF YOU ARE ACCESSING THE MESSAGE QUEUE PE OR
MESSAGE QUEUE EE EVALUATION ELECTRONICALLY, INDICATE YOUR
COMPLETE ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT BY SELECTING THE
"ACCEPT" BUTTON DISPLAYED ALONG WITH THE APPLICABLE
AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE PROVIDING THE AFFIRMATIVE RESPONSE
REQUESTED.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THE
APPLICABLE AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL, COPY OR OTHERWISE USE
THE MESSAGE QUEUE PE OR OR MESSAGE QUEUE EE EVALUATION.

If you are accepting the Applicable Agreement on behalf of a
corporation, partnership or other legal entity, the use of
the terms "you" and "your" in the Applicable Agreement will
refer to such entity and the entity accepting the Applicable
Agreement represents and warrants to Sun that it has
sufficient permissions, capacity, consents and authority to
enter into the Applicable Agreement.


SECTION A:

Sun Microsystems, Inc.  Binary Software Evaluation Agreement
("Agreement") Sun Java System Message Queue, Enterprise
Edition for Evaluation Only ("Message Queue EE Evaluation")

1.0 DEFINITIONS

"Licensed Software" means all or any portion of the Message
Queue EE Evaluation in binary form (the "Product"), and any
other machine readable materials (including, but not limited
to, libraries, header files, and data files), additional
software, user manuals, programming guides and other
documentation provided to you by Sun Microsystems, Inc.
("Sun") as part of, or embedded with, the files that
comprise the Product.

2.0 LIMITED LICENSE Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement and your complete acceptance of this
Agreement, Sun grants to you a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, royalty-free and limited license to use
Licensed Software solely for the purposes of evaluation of
the Licensed Software and internal design, development,
testing and evaluation of software products developed by
you.  No license is granted to you for any other purpose.
You may not sell, rent, loan or otherwise encumber or
transfer Licensed Software, in whole or in part, to any
third party, including any output or results of execution of
the Licensed Software.

3.0 LICENSE RESTRICTIONS 3.1 You may not duplicate the
Licensed Software other than for a single copy of binary
portions of the Licensed Software for backup purposes only.
You agree to reproduce all copyright and other proprietary
right notices on any such copy.

3.2 Except as otherwise provided by law, you may not modify
or create derivative works of the Licensed Software, or
reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile binary portions
of the Licensed Software, otherwise attempt to derive the
source code from such portions, or assist any other person
or entity in any of these activities.

3.3 No right, title, or interest in or to the Licensed
Software, any trademarks, service marks, or trade names of
Sun or Sun's licensors is granted under this Agreement.  You
acknowledge and agree as between you and Sun that Sun owns
the SUN, SOLARIS, JAVA, JINI, JDK, FORTE, STAROFFICE,
STARPORTAL, SUN ONE, and iPLANET trademarks and all SUN,
SOLARIS, JAVA, JINI, FORTE, STAROFFICE, STARPORTAL, SUN ONE
and iPLANET-related trademarks, service marks, logos and
other brand designations ("Sun Marks").

3.4 You have no right to use the Licensed Software in a
production environment, for commercial use, or for
operational purposes.

3.5 You acknowledge that Licensed Software may contain a
timebomb mechanism.

3.6 You may use any Sun(tm) ONE, Sun(tm) or third party
products embedded in or bundled with Software only in
conjunction with Software (and the applications that run on
Software), and not with other software products or on a
stand-alone basis.  Except as otherwise explicitly provided,
the use of each such bundled product shall be governed by
its license agreement.

3.7 Software may contain source code that is provided solely
for reference purposes pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement.  Source code may not be redistributed unless
expressly provided for in this Agreement.

3.8 You may not publish or provide the results of any
benchmark or comparison tests run on the Licensed Software
to any third party without Sun's prior written consent.

4.0 NO FURTHER OBLIGATIONS Neither Sun nor its licensors are
under any obligation to support the Licensed Software or to
provide you with updates or error corrections (collectively
"Software Updates").  If Sun, at its sole option, supplies
Software Updates to you, the Software Updates will be
considered part of Licensed Software, and subject to the
terms of this Agreement.  Further, neither Sun nor its
licensors are under any obligation to develop, market, sell,
distribute or take any other action with respect to the
Licensed Software or to provide or ensure compatibility
between the Licensed Software and any future version of the
Licensed Software.

5.0 TERM AND TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT 5.1 This Agreement
will commence on the date on which you install the Licensed
Software (the "Effective Date") and will terminate 90 days
from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier as set
forth below.  However, if the Licensed Software does not
require installation for use, the Effective Date is the date
that you accept this Agreement.

5.2 You may terminate this Agreement at any time by
completely destroying all copies of the Licensed Software
and removing all portions of the Licensed Software that you
deployed on any electronic device (including without
limitation, computer systems, servers, networks, and
personal electronic devices).

5.3 Sun may terminate this Agreement upon 10 days' written
notice to you.  However, Sun may terminate this Agreement
immediately should any Licensed Software become, or in Sun's
and/or its licensors' opinion be likely to become, the
subject of a claim of intellectual property infringement or
trade secret misappropriation.

5.4 Sun may terminate this Agreement immediately should you
materially breach any of its provisions or take any action
in derogation of Sun's and/or its licensors' rights to the
Licensed Software.

5.5 Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, you
will immediately cease use of and destroy Licensed Software,
and within ten (10) days from termination or expiration of
this Agreement, you will any copies thereof and provide Sun
a written statement from a duly authorized representative
certifying that you have complied with the foregoing
obligations.

5.6 The following sections will survive any termination or
expiration of this Agreement:  Sections 1.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.5,
5.6, and 6.0-9.0.  You shall have no rights toN IF ANY EXCLUSIVE REMEDY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT
FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.  IN NO EVENT WILL THE
CUMMULATIVE LIABILITY OF SUN FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
INCURRED BY YOU ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT
EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID TO SUN BY YOU UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT.

8.0 U.S.  GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If Licensed
Software is being acquired by or on behalf of the U.S.
Government or by a U.S.  Government prime contractor or
subcontractor (at any tier), then the Government's rights in
the Licensed Software will be only as set forth in this
Agreement; this is in accordance with 48 CFR 227.7201
through 227.7202-4 (for Department of Defense (DOD)
acquisitions) and with 48 CFR 2.101 and 12.212 (for non-DOD
acquisitions).

9.0 GENERAL TERMS 9.1 This Agreement will be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
California, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of laws
principles.  You expressly agree and consent that exclusive
jurisdiction and venue for any dispute arising out of or
relating to this Agreement will lie with the federal and
state courts located in and serving Santa Clara County,
California, U.S.A.  The U.N.  Convention for the
International Sale of Goods and the choice of law rules of
any jurisdiction will not apply.  The official text of this
Agreement is in the English language and any interpretation
or construction of this Agreement will be based thereon.  In
the event that this Agreement or any documents or notices
related to it are translated into any other language, the
English language version will control.

9.2 Licensed Software and technical data delivered under
this Agreement are subject to U.S.  export control laws and
may be subject to export or import regulations in other
countries.  You agree to comply strictly with all such laws
and regulations and acknowledge that you have the
responsibility to obtain such licenses to export, re-export
or import as may be required after delivery to you.  Unless
authorized by the U.S.  Government, you will not, directly
or indiountry identified in the U.S.  export laws, including but
not limited to the Export Administration Regulations (15
C.F.R.  Parts 730-774).  You affirm that you are not
identified on any U.S.  Government export exclusion lists
and that you will not use Licensed Software for nuclear
missile, chemical biological weaponry, or other weapons of
mass destruction.

9.3 It is understood and agreed that, notwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement, your breach of the
provisions of Sections 2.0, or 3.0 of this Agreement will
cause Sun and/or its licensors irreparable damage for which
recovery of money damages would be inadequate, and that Sun
and/or its licensors will therefore be entitled to seek
timely injunctive relief, without the necessity of posting
bond or other security, to protect Sun's and/or its
licensors' rights under this Agreement in addition to any
and all remedies available at law.

9.4 You may not assign or otherwise transfer any of your
rights or obligations under this Agreement, without the
prior written consent of Sun.

9.5 If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid by
any law or regulation of any government or by any court,
such invalidity will not affect the enforceability of any
other provisions.

9.6 Any express waiver or failure to exercise promptly any
right under this Agreement will not create a continuing
waiver or any expectation of non-enforcement.

9.7 This Agreement is the parties' entire agreement relating
to its subject matter.  It supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals,
conditions, representations and warranties and prevails over
any conflicting or additional terms of any quote, order,
acknowledgment, or other communication between the parties
relating to its subject matter during the term of this
Agreement.  No modification to this Agreement will be
binding, unless in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of each party.

For inquiries please contact:  Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4140
Network Circle, Santa Clara, California 95054


SECTION B:

Sun Microsystems, Inc.  Binary Code License Agreement
("BCL") Sun Java System Message Queue 3.5 SP2, Platfoto be unenforceable, this Agreement will remain in
effect with the provision omitted, unless omission would
frustrate the intent of the parties, in which case this
Agreement will immediately terminate.

11.  Integration.  This Agreement is the entire agreement
between you and Sun relating to its subject matter.  It
supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written
communications, proposals, representations and warranties
and prevails over any conflicting or additional terms of any
quote, order, acknowledgment, or other communication between
the parties relating to its subject matter during the term
of this Agreement.  No modification of this Agreement will
be binding, unless in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of each party.

For inquiries please contact:  Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4140
Network Circle, Santa Clara, California 95054

Sun Microsystems, Inc.  Supplemental Terms and Conditions
for Sun(TM) Java System Message Queue 3.5 SP2, Platform
Edition

These terms and conditions for the Message Queue PE
supplement the terms and conditions of the Agreement for the
Message Queue PE.  Capitalized terms not defined herein
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in Agreement for
Message Queue PE.  These terms and conditions shall
supersede any inconsistent or conflicting terms and
conditions in the Agreement for the Message Queue PE.

1.  Definitions.

A. "Broker" means the server side Software component that
   manages the routing of JMS messages.

B. "Client Applications" means the application created by
   you using the APIs provided in the Software for
   connecting with the Broker.

2.  Additional Use Conditions.

A. You may copy the documentation, without change, as
   necessary to fully utilize Software, provided the copies
   contain all of the original proprietary notices.

B. You may use any Sun(tm) ONE, Sun(tm) or third party
   products embedded in or bundled with Software only in
   conjunction with Software (and the applications that run
   on Software), and not with other software products or on
   a stand-alone basis.  Except as otherwise explicitly
   provided, the use of each such bundled product shall be
   governed by its license agreement.

C.extends to you an
   option to purchase, at your election, an upgrade to Sun
   Java System Queue, Enterprise Edition, that will, upon
   payment of the applicable license fee, terminate your
   license to Message Queue PE, and upgrade the Software to
   Sun Java System Message Queue, Enterprise Edition.  Your
   use of Sun Java System Message Queue, Enterprise Edition
   pursuant to the upgrade will be governed by and subject
   to the BCL and applicable Supplemental Terms.  No
   additional license for the Software is being granted with
   the purchase of an upgrade to the Software.

3.  License to Distribute Redistributables.  Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, Sun grants you a
non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to
reproduce and distribute the binary form of those files
specifically identified as redistributable below in Section
3.A ("Redistributables"), provided that:  (i) you do not
distribute additional software intended to supersede any
component(s) of the Redistributables, (ii) you do not remove
or alter any proprietary legends or notices contained in or
on the Redistributables, (iii) you only distribute the
Redistributables pursuant to a license agreement that
protects Sun's interests consistent with the terms contained
in the Agreement, and (iv) you agree to defend and indemnify
Sun and its licensors from and against any damages, costs,
liabilities, settlement amounts and/or expenses (including
attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with any claim,
lawsuit or action by any third party that arises or results
from the use or distribution of any and all Programs and/or
Software.  If you distribute the Redistributables pursuant
to this paragraph, you must include the following statement
as part of product documentation (whether hard copy or
electronic), as a part of a copyright page or proprietary
rights notice page, in an "About" box or in any other form
reasonably designed to make the statement visible to users
of the Software:  "This product includes code licensed from
RSA Data Security".


A. Only the following jar files may be redistributed in
   accordance with the license in Section 3 of these
les distributed with the product are NOT
redistributable.


4.  Java Technology Restrictions.  In the event that you
create an additional class and associated API(s) which (i)
extends the functionality of the Java platform, and (ii) is
exposed to third party software developers for the purpose
of developing additional software which invokes such
additional API, you must promptly publish broadly an
accurate specification for such API for free use by all
developers.  You may not create, or authorize your licensees
to create, additional classes, interfaces, or sub- packages
that are in any way identified as "java", "javax", "sun" or
similar convention as specified by Sun in any naming
convention designation.

5.  Trademarks and Logos.  You acknowledge and agree as
between you and Sun that Sun owns the SUN, SOLARIS, JAVA,
JINI, JDK, FORTE, STAROFFICE, STARPORTAL and iPLANET
trademarks and all SUN, SOLARIS, JAVA, JINI, FORTE,
STAROFFICE, STARPORTAL and iPLANET-related trademarks,
service marks, logos and other brand designations ("Sun
Marks"), and you agree to comply with the Sun Trademark and
Logo Usage Requirements currently located at
http://www.sun.com/policies/trademarks.  Any use you make of
the Sun Marks inures to Sun's benefit.

6.  Source Code.  Software may contain source code that is
provided solely for reference purposes pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement.  Source code may not be redistributed
unless expressly provided for in this Agreement.

7.  Termination for Infringement.  Either party may
terminate this Agreement immediately should any Software
become, or in either party's opinion be likely to become,
the subject of a claim of infringement of any intellectual
property right.

8.  Additional Restrictions.  You may not publish or provide
the results of any benchmark or comparison tests run on
Software to any third party without the prior written
consent of Sun.


SOMQ3.5PE/EE-EVAL LICENSE (LFI#:142957)

