           Network Associates Software
  Thirty (30)-Day Evaluation License Agreement            
           Virusscan for UNIX v. 4.14
    Copyright (c) 1999-2001 Networks Associates
       Technology, Inc. All Rights Reserved.


THIS IS AN EVALUATION COPY OF THIS SOFTWARE.  You
may use this software for only thirty (30) days,
after  which period you must either buy the software
from Network Associates, Inc. or remove it from your
computer and stop  using it.  

NOTICE TO ALL USERS: CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING
LEGAL AGREEMENT (THE  'AGREEMENT') FOR THE LICENSE
OF SOFTWARE (THE 'SOFTWARE') BY NETWORK ASSOCIATES,
INC.  ('NETWORK ASSOCIATES').  BY CLICKING THE
ACCEPTANCE BUTTON OR INSTALLING THE  SOFTWARE, YOU
(EITHER AN INDIVIDUAL OR A SINGLE ENTITY) ARE
CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY  AND ARE BECOMING A PARTY
TO THIS AGREEMENT.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF
THE TERMS  OF THIS AGREEMENT, CLICK THE BUTTON THAT
INDICATES THAT YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THE TERMS  AND DO
NOT INSTALL THE SOFTWARE.  (IF APPLICABLE, YOU MAY
RETURN THE PRODUCT TO THE  PLACE OF PURCHASE FOR A
FULL REFUND.)  Your right to use the Software is
limited.  If you have already  downloaded evaluation
copies of prior versions of the Software, you may
not use that Software and must immediately  cease
using that copy and destroy it.  To obtain full-use
rights, you must pay for the Software and enter a
valid End User  License Agreement with Network
Associates concerning such use. 

 1. License Grant.  Subject to the terms and
    conditions of this Agreement, Network Associates
    hereby grants to  you a non-exclusive,
    non-transferable right to use one copy of the
    specified version of the Software and the 
    accompanying documentation (the 'Documentation')
    solely for your internal evaluation purposes
    during the  term of this Agreement.  You may
    install one copy of the Software on one
    computer, workstation, personal  digital
    assistant, pager, 'smart phone' or other
    electronic device for which the Software was
    designed (each, a  'Client Device'). 

 2. Term.  This Agreement is effective for thirty
    (30) days following the date you installed the
    Software unless and  until earlier terminated as
    set forth in this Agreement. This Agreement will
    terminate automatically if you fail  to comply
    with any of the limitations or other
    requirements described herein.  Upon any
    termination or  expiration of this Agreement,
    you must destroy all copies of the Software and
    Documentation. THIS  SOFTWARE MAY CONTAIN A
    FEATURE THAT DISABLES ITS OPERATION AFTER A
    CERTAIN  PERIOD OF TIME. 

 3. Ownership Rights.  The Software is protected
    by United States copyright laws and
    international treaty  provisions.  Network
    Associates and its suppliers own and retain all
    right, title and interest in and to the 
    Software, including all copyrights, patents,
    trade secret rights, trademarks and other
    intellectual property rights  therein.  Your
    possession, installation or use of the Software
    does not transfer to you any title to the
    intellectual  property in the Software, and you
    will not acquire any rights to the Software
    except as expressly set forth in this  license. 
    All copies of the Software and Documentation
    made hereunder will contain the same proprietary
    notices that appear on and in the Software and
    Documentation. 

 4. Restrictions.  You may not rent, lease, loan
    or resell the Software.  You may not permit
    third parties to benefit  from the use or
    functionality of the Software via a timesharing,
    service bureau or other arrangement, except to 
    the extent such use is specified in the
    applicable price list, purchase order, or
    product packaging for the  Software.  You may
    not transfer any of the rights granted to you
    under this Agreement.  You may not reverse 
    engineer, decompile, or disassemble the
    Software, except to the extent the foregoing
    restriction is expressly  prohibited by
    applicable law. You may not modify, or create
    derivative works based upon, the Software in 
    whole or in part.  You may not copy the Software
    or Documentation except as expressly permitted
    in Section 1  above.  You may not remove any
    proprietary notices or labels on the Software.
    All rights not expressly set forth  hereunder
    are reserved by Network Associates.  Network
    Associates reserves the right to periodically
    conduct  audits upon advance written notice to
    verify compliance with the terms of this
    Agreement. 

 5. Warranty Disclaimer.  AS THIS IS AN
    EVALUATION COPY OF THE SOFTWARE, THE SOFTWARE IS
    PROVIDED 'AS IS.'  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
    PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NETWORK  ASSOCIATES
    DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT  NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED
    WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
    PARTICULAR  PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT WITH
    RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE AND THE  ACCOMPANYING
    DOCUMENTATION.  YOU ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR
    SELECTION OF THE  SOFTWARE TO ACHIEVE YOUR
    INTENDED RESULTS, AND FOR THE INSTALLATION OF,
    USE OF,  AND RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE SOFTWARE.
    WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING,  NETWORK
    ASSOCIATES MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE
    WILL BE ERROR-FREE  OR UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE
    SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS.  SOME 
    STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW
    LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE  ABOVE
    LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  The foregoing
    shall be enforceable to the maximum  extent
    permitted by applicable law. 

 6. Limitation of Liability.  UNDER NO
    CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, TORT, 
    CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NETWORK ASSOCIATES
    OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO  YOU OR ANY OTHER
    PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
    CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER
    INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,  DAMAGES FOR LOSS
    OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR 
    MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER DAMAGES OR
    LOSSES.  IN NO EVENT WILL  NETWORK ASSOCIATES BE
    LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF THE AMOUNT
    PAID BY  YOU, IF ANY, FOR THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
    NETWORK ASSOCIATES SHALL HAVE BEEN  ADVISED OF
    THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION
    OF LIABILITY SHALL  NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR
    DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY TO THE EXTENT
    APPLICABLE  LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION.
    FURTHERMORE, SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO 
    NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF
    INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL  DAMAGES, SO THIS
    LIMITATION AND EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 
    The foregoing shall  be enforceable to the
    maximum extent permitted by applicable law. 

 7. United States Government.  The Software and
    accompanying Documentation are deemed to be
    'commercial  computer software' and 'commercial
    computer software documentation,' respectively,
    pursuant to DFAR  Section 227.7202 and FAR
    Section 12.212, as applicable.  Any use,
    modification, reproduction, release, 
    performance, display or disclosure of the
    Software and accompanying Documentation by the
    United States  Government shall be governed
    solely by the terms of this Agreement and shall
    be prohibited except to the  extent expressly
    permitted by the terms of this Agreement.  

 8. Export Controls.  Neither the Software nor
    the Documentation and underlying information or
    technology may  be downloaded or otherwise
    exported or re-exported (i) into (or to a
    national or resident of ) Cuba, Iran, Iraq, 
    Libya, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or any other
    country to which the United States has embargoed
    goods; or (ii)  to anyone on the United States
    Treasury Department’s list of Specially
    Designated Nations or the United States 
    Commerce Department’s Table of Denial Orders. 
    By downloading or using the Software you are
    agreeing to  the foregoing and you are
    certifying that you are not located in, under
    the control of, or a national or resident of 
    any such country or on any such list.   

    IN ADDITION, YOU SHOULD BE AWARE OF THE
    FOLLOWING:  EXPORT OF THE SOFTWARE  MAY BE
    SUBJECT TO COMPLIANCE WITH THE RULES AND
    REGULATIONS PROMULGATED  FROM TIME TO TIME BY
    THE BUREAU OF EXPORT ADMINISTRATION, UNITED
    STATES  DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE, WHICH RESTRICT
    THE EXPORT AND RE-EXPORT OF CERTAIN  PRODUCTS
    AND TECHNICAL DATA.  IF THE EXPORT OF THE
    SOFTWARE IS CONTROLLED  UNDER SUCH RULES AND
    REGULATIONS, THEN THE SOFTWARE SHALL NOT BE
    EXPORTED OR  RE-EXPORTED, DIRECTLY OR
    INDIRECTLY, (A) WITHOUT ALL EXPORT OR RE-EXPORT 
    LICENSES AND UNITED STATES OR OTHER GOVERNMENTAL
    APPROVALS REQUIRED BY ANY  APPLICABLE LAWS, OR
    (B) IN VIOLATION OF ANY APPLICABLE PROHIBITION
    AGAINST THE  EXPORT OR RE-EXPORT OF ANY PART OF
    THE SOFTWARE.  SOME COUNTRIES HAVE  RESTRICTIONS
    ON THE USE OF ENCRYPTION WITHIN THEIR BORDERS,
    OR THE IMPORT OR  EXPORT OF ENCRYPTION EVEN IF
    FOR ONLY TEMPORARY PERSONAL OR BUSINESS USE. 
    YOU  ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE IMPLEMENTATION AND
    ENFORCEMENT OF THESE LAWS IS NOT  ALWAYS
    CONSISTENT AS TO SPECIFIC COUNTRIES.  ALTHOUGH
    THE FOLLOWING COUNTRIES  ARE NOT AN EXHAUSTIVE
    LIST THERE MAY EXIST RESTRICTIONS ON THE
    EXPORTATION TO,  OR IMPORTATION OF, ENCRYPTION
    BY:  BELGIUM, CHINA (INCLUDING HONG KONG),
    FRANCE,  INDIA, INDONESIA, ISRAEL, RUSSIA, SAUDI
    ARABIA, SINGAPORE,  AND SOUTH KOREA. YOU 
    ACKNOWLEDGE IT IS YOUR ULTIMATE RESPONSIBILITY
    TO COMPLY WITH ALL ANY AND ALL  GOVERNMENT
    EXPORT AND OTHER APPLICABLE  LAWS AND THAT
    NETWORK ASSOCIATES  HAS NO FURTHER
    RESPONSIBILITY AFTER THE INITIAL SALE TO YOU
    WITHIN THE ORIGINAL  COUNTRY OF SALE. 

 9. High Risk Activities.  The Software is not
    fault-tolerant and is not designed or intended
    for use in hazardous  environments requiring
    fail-safe performance, including without
    limitation, in the operation of nuclear 
    facilities, aircraft navigation or communication
    systems, air traffic control, weapons systems,
    direct life-support  machines, or any other
    application in which the failure of the Software
    could lead directly to death, personal  injury,
    or severe physical or property damage
    (collectively, “High Risk Activities”).  Network
    Associates  expressly disclaims any express or
    implied warranty of fitness for High Risk
    Activities. 

10. Miscellaneous.   This Agreement is governed
    by the laws of the United States and the State
    of California,  without reference to conflict of
    laws principles.  The application of the United
    Nations Convention of Contracts  for the
    International Sale of Goods is expressly
    excluded.  This Agreement is the entire
    agreement between the  parties and supersedes
    any other communications with respect to the
    Software and Documentation.   This  Agreement
    may not be modified except by a written addendum
    issued by a duly authorized representative of 
    Network Associates. No provision hereof shall be
    deemed waived unless such waiver shall be in
    writing and  signed by Network Associates. If
    any provision of this Agreement is held invalid,
    the remainder of this  Agreement shall continue
    in full force and effect. The parties confirm
    that it is their wish that this Agreement  has
    been written in the English language only. 

11. NETWORK ASSOCIATES CUSTOMER CONTACT.  If
    have any questions concerning these terms and 
    conditions, or if you would like to contact
    Network Associates for any other reason, please
    call (408) 988-3832,  fax (408) 970-9727, or
    write:  Network Associates, Inc., 3965 Freedom
    Circle, Santa Clara, California 95054. 
    http://www.nai.com. 

    Statements made to you in the course of this
    sale are subject to the Year 2000 Information
    and Readiness  Disclosure Act (Public Law
    105-271).  In the case of a dispute, this Act
    may reduce your legal rights regarding  the use
    of any statements regarding Year 2000 readiness,
    unless otherwise specified in your contract or
    tariff. 

