sys-apps/reiserfs-utils sys-fs/reiserfsprogs
virtual/alsa	        media-sound/alsa-driver    
virtual/antivirus	app-antivirus/clamav
virtual/aspell-dict	app-dicts/aspell-en
virtual/bittorrent	net-p2p/bittorrent
virtual/blackbox	x11-wm/blackbox
virtual/bootloader	sys-boot/yaboot
virtual/cdrtools	app-cdr/cdrtools
virtual/commonlisp	dev-lisp/sbcl
virtual/cron	    	sys-apps/dcron
virtual/editor		app-editors/nano
virtual/emacs	   	app-editors/emacs
virtual/flim		app-emacs/flim
virtual/ghc		dev-lang/ghc-bin
virtual/ghostscript	app-text/ghostscript
virtual/glibc	   	sys-libs/glibc
virtual/libc	   	sys-libs/glibc
virtual/glu	     	x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/glut	    	media-libs/glut
virtual/gzip		app-arch/gzip
virtual/imap-c-client	net-libs/c-client
virtual/imapUW	  	net-mail/uw-imap
virtual/imapd	   	net-mail/courier-imap
virtual/inetd		sys-apps/xinetd
virtual/jdk	     	dev-java/ibm-jdk-bin
virtual/jre	     	dev-java/ibm-jre-bin
virtual/kernel	 	sys-kernel/linux-headers
virtual/krb5		app-crypt/mit-krb5
virtual/linux-sources   sys-kernel/ppc-sources
virtual/logger		app-admin/sysklogd
virtual/lpr	     	net-print/cups
virtual/mailx		mail-client/mailx
virtual/mda		mail-filter/procmail
virtual/modutils 	sys-apps/modutils
virtual/mta	     	mail-mta/ssmtp
virtual/opengl	  	x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/os-headers	sys-kernel/linux-headers
virtual/php	     	dev-php/mod_php
virtual/httpd-php				dev-php/mod_php
virtual/python	  	dev-lang/python
virtual/quicktime	media-libs/libquicktime
virtual/semi		app-emacs/semi
virtual/skkserv		app-i18n/skkserv
virtual/snmp		net-analyzer/net-snmp
virtual/ssh		net-misc/openssh
virtual/sylpheed	mail-client/sylpheed
virtual/tetex		app-text/tetex
virtual/textbrowser	net-www/links
virtual/tftp		net-misc/tftp-hpa
virtual/w3m		net-www/w3m
virtual/x11		x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/xemacs		app-editors/xemacs
virtual/xft	     x11-base/xorg-x11
x11-libs/xaw	    x11-libs/Xaw3d
virtual/mpg123		media-sound/mpg123
virtual/jack			media-sound/jack-audio-connection-kit
virtual/dhcpc		net-misc/dhcpcd
virtual/ruby		dev-lang/ruby
virtual/squeak-image	dev-lang/squeak-fullimage
virtual/dev-manager	sys-fs/devfsd
virtual/blas		app-sci/blas-atlas
virtual/lapack		app-sci/lapack-atlas
virtual/gsasl		net-libs/libgsasl
virtual/m3			dev-lang/cm3
