virtual/lpr	     net-print/cups
virtual/python	  dev-lang/python
virtual/mta	     mail-mta/ssmtp
virtual/alsa	    media-sound/alsa-driver    
virtual/kernel	  sys-kernel/linux-headers
virtual/linux-sources   sys-kernel/ppc-sources
virtual/glibc	   sys-libs/glibc
virtual/libc	   sys-libs/glibc
virtual/x11	     x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/opengl	  x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/glu	     x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/glut	    media-libs/glut
virtual/imapUW	  net-mail/uw-imap
x11-libs/xaw	    x11-libs/Xaw3d
virtual/jdk           dev-java/ibm-jdk-bin
virtual/jre           dev-java/ibm-jre-bin
virtual/imapd	   net-mail/courier-imap
virtual/blackbox	x11-wm/blackbox
virtual/emacs	   app-editors/emacs
virtual/cron	    sys-apps/dcron
sys-apps/reiserfs-utils sys-fs/reiserfsprogs
virtual/sylpheed	mail-client/sylpheed
virtual/php	     dev-php/mod_php
virtual/httpd-php				dev-php/mod_php
virtual/textbrowser	net-www/links
virtual/mda		mail-filter/procmail
virtual/xft	     x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/krb5		app-crypt/mit-krb5
virtual/bootloader	sys-boot/yaboot
virtual/editor		app-editors/nano
virtual/os-headers	sys-kernel/linux-headers
virtual/modutils 	sys-apps/module-init-tools
virtual/inetd		sys-apps/xinetd
virtual/antivirus	app-antivirus/clamav
virtual/aspell-dict	app-dicts/aspell-en
virtual/skkserv		app-i18n/skkserv
virtual/ghc		dev-lang/ghc-bin
virtual/snmp		net-analyzer/net-snmp
virtual/imap-c-client	net-libs/c-client
virtual/flim		app-emacs/flim
virtual/semi		app-emacs/semi
virtual/tetex		app-text/tetex
virtual/quicktime	media-libs/libquicktime
virtual/bittorrent	net-p2p/bittorrent
virtual/logger		app-admin/sysklogd
virtual/cdrtools	app-cdr/cdrtools
virtual/ssh			    net-misc/openssh
virtual/commonlisp	dev-lisp/sbcl
virtual/tftp			net-ftp/tftp-hpa
virtual/gzip		app-arch/gzip
virtual/ghostscript		app-text/ghostscript
virtual/xemacs			app-editors/xemacs
virtual/mpg123		media-sound/mpg123
virtual/jack			media-sound/jack-audio-connection-kit
virtual/dhcpc			net-misc/dhcpcd
virtual/ruby		dev-lang/ruby
virtual/squeak-image	dev-lang/squeak-fullimage
virtual/dev-manager	sys-fs/devfsd
virtual/blas			sci-libs/blas-atlas
virtual/lapack		sci-libs/lapack-atlas
virtual/gsasl		net-libs/libgsasl
virtual/m3			dev-lang/cm3
virtual/w3m		www-client/w3m
virtual/pdfviewer		app-text/xpdf
virtual/psviewer		app-text/gv
virtual/motif          x11-libs/openmotif
