virtual/lpr             net-print/cups
virtual/python          dev-lang/python
virtual/mta             net-mail/ssmtp
virtual/alsa            media-sound/alsa-driver	
virtual/kernel          sys-kernel/linux-headers
virtual/glibc           sys-libs/glibc
virtual/x11             x11-base/xfree
virtual/opengl          x11-base/xfree
virtual/glu             x11-base/xfree
virtual/glut            media-libs/glut
virtual/imapd           net-mail/courier-imap
virtual/imapUW          net-mail/uw-imap
x11-libs/xaw            x11-libs/Xaw3d
sys-apps/texinfo        sys-devel/gcc	
virtual/jdk             dev-java/blackdown-jdk
virtual/jre             dev-java/blackdown-jre
virtual/imapd           net-mail/courier-imap
virtual/x11-web-browser	net-www/mozilla
sys-apps/console-tools  sys-apps/kbd
sys-apps/reiserfs-utils sys-apps/reiserfsprogs
virtual/sylpheed        net-mail/sylpheed
virtual/php             dev-php/mod_php
virtual/xforms          x11-libs/xforms-ppc
virtual/textbrowser		net-www/links
