virtual/lpr             net-print/cups
virtual/python          dev-lang/python
virtual/mta             mail-mta/ssmtp
virtual/alsa            media-sound/alsa-driver    
virtual/kernel          sys-kernel/linux26-headers
virtual/linux-sources   sys-kernel/development-sources
virtual/glibc           sys-libs/glibc
virtual/libc           sys-libs/glibc
virtual/x11             x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/opengl          x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/glu             x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/glut            media-libs/glut
virtual/imapUW          net-mail/uw-imap
x11-libs/xaw            x11-libs/Xaw3d
virtual/jdk             dev-java/blackdown-jdk
virtual/jre             dev-java/blackdown-jre
virtual/imapd           net-mail/courier-imap
virtual/blackbox        x11-wm/blackbox
virtual/emacs           app-editors/emacs
virtual/cron            sys-process/dcron
sys-apps/reiserfs-utils sys-fs/reiserfsprogs
virtual/xemacs          app-editors/xemacs
virtual/sylpheed        mail-client/sylpheed
virtual/php             dev-php/mod_php
virtual/httpd-php				dev-php/mod_php
virtual/textbrowser		www-client/links
virtual/mda				mail-filter/procmail
virtual/xft				x11-base/xorg-x11
virtual/krb5			app-crypt/mit-krb5
virtual/bootloader		sys-boot/nettrom
virtual/editor			app-editors/vi
virtual/jack			media-sound/jack-audio-connection-kit
virtual/quicktime		media-libs/libquicktime
virtual/os-headers		sys-kernel/linux26-headers
virtual/modutils 		sys-apps/module-init-tools
virtual/inetd			sys-apps/xinetd
virtual/antivirus		app-antivirus/clamav
virtual/aspell-dict           app-dicts/aspell-en
virtual/skkserv		app-i18n/skkserv
virtual/ghc		dev-lang/ghc-bin
virtual/imap-c-client	net-libs/c-client
virtual/flim		app-emacs/flim
virtual/semi		app-emacs/semi
virtual/tetex		app-text/tetex
virtual/bittorrent	net-p2p/bittorrent
virtual/logger		app-admin/sysklogd
virtual/tftp		net-ftp/tftp-hpa
virtual/gzip		app-arch/gzip
virtual/ghostscript		app-text/ghostscript
virtual/mpg123		media-sound/mpg123
virtual/blas		sci-libs/blas-atlas
virtual/ruby		dev-lang/ruby
virtual/lapack		sci-libs/lapack-atlas
virtual/w3m		www-client/w3m
virtual/motif          x11-libs/openmotif
