virtual/lpr             net-print/cups
virtual/python          dev-lang/python
virtual/mta             net-mail/ssmtp
virtual/alsa            media-sound/alsa-driver    
virtual/kernel          sys-kernel/linux-headers
virtual/linux-sources   sys-kernel/gentoo-sources
virtual/glibc           sys-libs/glibc
virtual/x11             x11-base/xfree
virtual/opengl          x11-base/xfree
virtual/glu             x11-base/xfree
virtual/glut            media-libs/glut
virtual/imapUW          net-mail/uw-imap
x11-libs/xaw            x11-libs/Xaw3d
virtual/jdk             dev-java/blackdown-jdk
virtual/jre             dev-java/blackdown-jre
virtual/imapd           net-mail/courier-imap
sys-apps/console-tools  sys-apps/kbd
virtual/blackbox        x11-wm/blackbox
virtual/emacs           app-editors/emacs
net-www/netscape        net-www/netscape-communicator
virtual/cron            sys-apps/dcron
sys-apps/reiserfs-utils sys-apps/reiserfsprogs
virtual/xemacs          app-editors/xemacs
virtual/pppd            net-dialup/ppp
virtual/sylpheed        net-mail/sylpheed
virtual/php             dev-php/mod_php
virtual/textbrowser		net-www/links
virtual/mda				net-mail/procmail
virtual/xft				x11-base/xfree
virtual/krb5			app-crypt/heimdal
virtual/motif           x11-libs/openmotif
virtual/bootloader		sys-apps/grub
virtual/editor			app-editors/nano
virtual/jack			media-sound/jack-audio-connection-kit
virtual/os-headers		sys-kernel/linux-headers
virtual/ghc             dev-lang/ghc-bin
virtual/modutils		sys-apps/modutils
virtual/inetd			sys-apps/netkit-base
virtual/aspell-dict           app-dicts/aspell-en
virtual/skkserv		app-i18n/skkserv
virtual/snmp		net-analyzer/net-snmp
virtual/imap-c-client	net-libs/c-client
virtual/wine            app-emulation/wine app-emulation/winex app-emulation/winex-cvs
