sys-apps/console-tools  sys-apps/kbd
sys-apps/reiserfs-utils sys-apps/reiserfsprogs
virtual/alsa            media-sound/alsa-driver    
virtual/antivirus	net-mail/clamav
virtual/aspell-dict	app-dicts/aspell-en
virtual/blackbox        x11-wm/blackbox
virtual/bootloader	sys-apps/grub
virtual/cron            sys-apps/dcron
virtual/editor		app-editors/nano
virtual/emacs           app-editors/emacs
virtual/ghc		dev-lang/ghc-bin
virtual/glibc           sys-libs/glibc
virtual/glu             x11-base/xfree
virtual/glut            media-libs/glut
virtual/imapUW          net-mail/uw-imap
virtual/imapd           net-mail/courier-imap
virtual/imapd           net-mail/courier-imap
virtual/inetd		sys-apps/netkit-base
virtual/jack		media-sound/jack-audio-connection-kit
virtual/jdk             dev-java/blackdown-jdk
virtual/jre             dev-java/blackdown-jre
virtual/kernel          sys-kernel/linux-headers
virtual/krb5		app-crypt/heimdal
virtual/linux-sources   sys-kernel/gentoo-sources
virtual/lpr             net-print/cups
virtual/mda		net-mail/procmail
virtual/modutils	sys-apps/modutils
virtual/motif		x11-libs/openmotif
virtual/mta             net-mail/ssmtp
virtual/opengl          x11-base/xfree
virtual/os-headers	sys-kernel/linux-headers
virtual/php             dev-php/mod_php
virtual/python          dev-lang/python
virtual/quicktime	media-libs/libquicktime
virtual/skkserv		app-i18n/skkserv
virtual/sylpheed        net-mail/sylpheed
virtual/textbrowser	net-www/links
virtual/x11             x11-base/xfree
virtual/xemacs          app-editors/xemacs
virtual/xft		x11-base/xfree
x11-libs/xaw            x11-libs/Xaw3d
